How unhappy  some dogs like it though
talking to my over driver about where I'm goinghe said he'd love to go to New York too but since Trump it's probably not
Does anybody know if the Rand's likely to fall against the dollar? I got some money  I need to change into R but it keeps getting stronger unhappy
I miss going to gigs in Liverpool unhappy
There isnt a new Riverdale tonight ? unhappy
it's that A*dy guy from pop Asia and then the translator so they'll probs go with them around Aus unhappy
Who's that chair you're sitting in? Is this how I find out. Everyone knows now. You've shamed me in pu
don't like how jittery caffeine makes me sad
My area's not on the list unhappy  think I'll go LibDems anyway
I want fun plans this weekend unhappy
When can you notice me.  unhappy  what?
Ahhhhh! You recognized LOGAN!!! Cinemax shows have a BAD track record for getting cancelled unhappy
Errr dude.... They're gone unhappy  Asked other league memeber to check  the guys are go
Not you again sad
Why would Harvey be going to prison? unhappy
Missing in crying  Seaside area.
Becoz if we will depend on your promoting its waste of hardwork to all team who
I thought you'll save me crying
major waffle cravings right now sad
cant speak japanese ::(
how can people do stuff like this unhappy
please just stop confining animals in zoos unhappy
Feel like i shoyould be telling you to get the fuck out social media byout also feel really mean because unhappy  silence  love yoyou hope yoyoure okay
i miss you huhu so busy unhappy
it was extended family. 12 ppl.ahh wanted to show a Oh My Girl being dorky while playing a game but it got deleted unhappy
Don't do that unhappy
Jamie can you please reset the CGa grandfinal server... no administrator are responding unhappy
noOoooooo YOU GONNA MISS THE BUFFET unhappy  TAKE CARE AIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I wish i could vote for you unhappy
instant message so jealous okay unhappy  but never mind haha bruno can wait finals first
when i'm enlisting can please turn up like this unhappy
unhappy  how come people like this have children where's the state intervention
Ouchhhhh unhappy
Help... I want to stop tweeting. All I feel is endless suffering and pain. I tried to deactivate myself many times... Save me... unhappy
For those asking
the application is Kana Kanji Funtime! Sadly
it looks like iOS 11 is due to kill it unhappy
Yeah did update to 16.04
it froze a few times. Then went to 16.10
froze mid install. Waited 3hrs he'd to pull plug crying
Shaandaar
Zabardast
Another ATBB on it's way ! I wish Srk Sir starts signing good movies unhappy
I want Jabee crying
sociopath full raid gear sad
When will you say hi sunshine ? unhappy
i feel bad for doing that AHAHA unhappy
it's getting harder and harder to stay unhappy
His face looks bloated unhappy  baby get well soon
fuck. tried changing my settings but still in india. unhappy
talking to my over driver about where I'm goinghe said he'd love to go to New York too but since Trump it's probably not.1
Let's not forget that it's also Gabriel Tenma White's birthday today!I miss unhappy
Why am i always taken for granted eversince unhappy
Ah alright
i don%27t know if you saw my comment yet
but what camera you shooting with
does it have flip out scr
I miss Louis' tweets unhappy
Koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy
okay I'll shut up now. instant message just mad that lots of people will now have a VERY flawed opinion on mental health ( on mine) because of this show unhappy
pamura isa because in this very moment
i want to explode like a grenade to the point where people will die with me. sad
YG should have sent them to MCD. I want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways
i really want one of those iconic jimin stripes turtleneck shirt unhappy
I want a spoons but I cant go unhappy  honestly feels like a messy break up unhappy
Makes me so sad unhappy  they looked so unhappy when I went to SeaWorld
YG should have sent them to MCD. I want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways .1
I miss Rockys posts unhappy
Hey Tony
oh no unhappy  Could you please tell me a little more about your issue? Im following if youd prefer to DM. Amanda
i love mason and miss mason unhappy
Cold as a mother crusher right now. Nearing the end of April. sad
we don%27t talk anymore like we used to do unhappy
YG should have sent them to MCD. I want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways .2
miss biking unhappy
I miss Big brother unhappy
6 days in camp haiss miss you a lot unhappy
It's raining so hard unhappy
Am bored and kandowiandg I have ando plaands for today is makiandg me eveand more bored unhappy
oh my god not laurie penny unhappy
can you say Hi Mekisha? unhappy
I should never draw again unhappy
Cleantha
Visual Studio Installation - 89% .. BSOD comes suddenly unhappy
i want to make waffles unhappy
So sad unhappy
crying  muh feels
Look like somethings i will ignore xD Kart Racing when? unhappy
did ate jenna just blocked me or what? unhappy
My bed is so comfortable I don't want to get up unhappy
Is that store still in use? If so
I sincerely hope not too many priceless antiques were destroyed. Reg
Astaga unhappy  /?
I want a puppy now unhappy
have to work unhappy  but i'll see you tomorrow!!
happy weed day without them is not the same anymore unhappy
my favourite lipstick hilang crying
Time just flies
can't believe he will be year for next year unhappy  We're becoming old HAHAHAH :v
The new Twitter reply view has me confused... like do I capitalise my replies to people or not? unhappy
Whaddup. Me too crying
unhappy  every time laughing my ass off
who's selling an army bomb ver 2??? meet up on sad
Yeesh unhappy  It's fairly warm here.
easter has flown unhappy  I'm not ready to give up home luxuries like branded cereal
Ohnoo unhappy  unhappy  hope it recuperates sooner!!
Her back unhappy
give me a chance in west server unhappy
but you were going to do it yesterday unhappy
I agree. My issue would be that it all has to be paid for somehow. I just can't see the numbers adding up. sad
I want to drink with cigarettes unhappy
Oh mince unhappy
The manifesto
Nick? Might he deliver WHEN the time demands it. Story of his life -
It's okay I've accepted you the way you are unhappy
why do people abuse animals unhappy  they're so loyal
i'm actually crying while typing this tweet i just can't take it anymore.. not applicablehulog not applicable knock out d unhappy
imagine if he wins next time too unhappy  unhappy
Same unhappy
I need Cue something that would make me smile....I'll be waiting...:(
YG should have sent them to MCD. I want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways .3
YG should have sent them to MCD. I want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways .4
these nosebleeds are getting outta hands unhappy
I am perfectly happy being single .. Until I see a happy couple :(KISSES TheFashionIcon
Dude I just want more sleep unhappy
Feel so fucking shit today unhappy
wont be able to stream tonight i'm sorry guys unhappy
I face swapped a cat with a dog and it's really upsetting unhappy
your system does not recognize spaces in last names so for 2nd time unable to check in  forced to wait in unnecessary lines unhappy
still waiting unhappy
- Thank you tons
rocks. next question - where is my astro unhappy  ?
It was not your fault
but the customs of Argentina that fill you with paperwork unhappy
i tried fixing my choristers dress hem that came undone by taping it with fabric tape but i put it on wrong and its even more ruined unhappy
Small fishie died unhappy
It's too nice outside to be stuck in school all day unhappy
EDM pleaseeeeeeeee   unhappy
oh my god unhappy  next time mishutuuu
Can you say Hi julia ??pleasee crying
Bby unhappy  your emotion
I seriously thought that Coldplay was going to be band like Depeche Mode or U2
just kept going unhappy
poor baby unhappy  I hate people
unhappy  i have to be strong today jfjfjkf
I NEED A UNICORN FRAPPUCCINO STAT. I JUST FOUND OUT THEY ARE LIMITED TIMEE! unhappy  How much longer?
Her back unhappy  .1
unhappy  sorry to hear this.....
I won't. if i do it's probably for phil but he hasn't seen me yet unhappy
Yuri was here and i didn't know it unhappy  the second snsd i missed
why are your campervan tickets so expensive? unhappy
Canberra is a land-locked capital. unhappy
how much? i cant seem to deathmatch you unhappy
.agata baby unhappy  it broke in the mail. but i read your letter  can't thank you enough. you are the best
same unhappy
she is! HAHA but I wanted to look like v unhappy
unhappy  they look dead
Puta I know sorry isn't enough pero sorry padin unhappy
mannn
i want to go to an m's game unhappy
unhappy   feeling bored
I wish i could sleep early unhappy
I just hope I start getting the 1GB data per day from tonight!! unhappy
Koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .1
i want to see you happy sad
I just told them to bugger off and hung up! They waned access to my pc. If they phoned someone like my Gran
my braces hurt unhappy
Ohh welcome to CLXSSlC chanyeol oppa! Or should I call you with richard? Kalau jadi sayang gimana? unhappy
we don%27t talk anymore like we used to do unhappy .1
Claaaaaaaaaaaaasse !
What a pity! unhappy  Those were beautiful! But thank you for your answer!
Sciatica. What a monumental pain in the arse. unhappy
This escalated quickly
I'm aborting mission now have a nice day though x
- Thank you tons.1
rocks. next question - where is my astro unhappy  ?
Her back unhappy  .2
No stream tonight! Throat is killing me. unhappy
Me too...I won't miss the HGVs going past our house though. It was a nice looking building - had initiall
Don't say that unhappy
Summer's not in our school's vocabulary unhappy  We need air. Please tell
Bae's not here unhappy
Wanna get a haircut but i don%27t know a good place unhappy
it feels kind of empty w/o youngjae at the venue.. unhappy
Her back unhappy  .3
Yeah
i think that's going to be true
he can't leave us unhappy
Yesterday felt like friday unhappy
[PLEASE RT] he'll buy me a blinking taehyung headband
if i get 900 retweets and 900 likes. help me :(un
yes instant message sad crying
I face swapped a cat with a dog and it's really upsetting unhappy  .1
Nice! Some really nice stuff there! Mostly black dresses which i won't get away with for a June wedding though unhappy
I miss you unhappy
Beyond sad unhappy
Goodnight princess
I love you  have fun with your friends
YG should have sent them to MCD. I want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways .5
Something is really wrong. I should be spending my days naked on a beach in the hot sunshine. Not working in the cold in King's Lynn sad
Punishment time for JB's team! unhappy
Aw goodnight angel! I love you lots and I hope you're going to have the best tiame and a lot of fun!! Wonho's already am
Not really an amount just loads of sections unhappy  I'll ride up to to netherton now meet me at Darby end ?
Q2 I'm not an MH healthcare professional. As much as I want to help I'm scared to death I might make the situation
Got a msg! Oops not you unhappy
Just chillin~ it's a bit quiet tonight on my tough luck unhappy  what about you??
I bet The media's one-sided view of Tim Tams surprisingly was the alt-right roar extreme droll Fad unhappy
my hair is not as crisp unhappy
a couple more unhappy
what the fuck don%27t unhappy
Going to CA in July
our reunion is in August unhappy
The road and traffic signs section of theory revision is such a myth unhappy
unhappy  We're sorry your pizza arrived with mushrooms despite your request. Could you please get in touch vi
you're a kabute unhappy
last to  things i've bought from you no sweets unhappy
Wish I could stay in bed all day and listen to the rain sad
I don't want to tell fellow Comm students because i don't want them to think I'm some kind of suck-up... unhappy
When will you notice me? unhappy
GO AWAY unhappy
ally unhappy  I can't make a poem about being cute
ehh i cant DM you unhappy
to  beautiful ladies and so full of fun and body confidence. .. then on the s
why is italian easier than spanish unhappy
i find it so difficult to says no to him unhappy
It's only been 3 days and to  nights since mama went back to the province but I already miss her unhappy
i want to cry unhappy
I love got7 but god i am bored unhappy
i can't continue this right now because the lighting is shitty as f i swear sorry sad
Let's have dinneeeer please unhappy
I lost one import quizzz unhappy
i want to be mutuals with you so bad unhappy
Keep looking for the things I bought yesterday in my dream unhappy
it hurts me to see him so sad unhappy  you don't understand i have to do this. if i don't kill you
he'll kil
i hate park jisung so much sad
When your online crush comes to the meet-up without their Snapchat filter unhappy
I hate when my mom ask so you going or no? Bc then I want to stay home but i missed too much school already unhappy
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KATRIKA  I miss you though unhappy  miss having you in our group and all haih  anyway
have a blast okay. love you!
I miss my dogs too unhappy
YG should have sent them to MCD. I want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways .6
DIGITAL MONSTERS WANT TO WORK WITH BLACKPINK MAKE IT HAPPEN PLS unhappy
This is so me though
i miss my boys unhappy  i have started working with my own local boys but they are very nervous college friends
we were classmates for alvarez but i don't really see you around school anymore unhappy
ugh i miss my baby crying
if anyone needs me I'll be on my vent unhappy
why is it so hard for you to notice me? Haay unhappy
i cant deathmatch you piss off unhappy
When are you going to notice yous? unhappy
And I miss my bedroom too unhappy
please take all the rest you needwe love you so so much :(i hope you feel better soon sunshine!
oh
same unhappy
I miss my baby unhappy
it's only been a few days since their promotion ended but i'm already missing her so much unhappy
i miss them unhappy
i miss jihoon sad
My only one cat yang manja sangat and now someone has took him unhappy
Not tired and there's nothing to do great combo unhappy
And this tweet made me cry!! crying
back to coconut hair unhappy
Please return the jacket unhappy
who would you call when you are roused in midnightreminds me of the time(s) they were roommates unhappy  unhappy  unhappy YOU SUCK
I feel so bad
and all the mobbing in Australia
I just hope everything goes right from now on unhappy
it's only been a few days since their promotion ended but i'm already missing her so much unhappy  .1
hungry unhappy  but no time to buy food
How can I set an alarm for 9am and snooze it until 12 unhappy
Sad story unhappy
Koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .2
Hey screenshot sainyo  . Hmm tumagal sana us . Stay what uu are . Im always here fr uu no matter what  . Luv uu so mats
Looks awesome Annette
but I can't make it unhappy  Thanks for the heads up though. Please take photos!
narank 1 ako bcos of yoyou. can you please congratyoulate me even if its already late? unhappy
it can't be over unhappy
RELATABLE unhappy
how about me unhappy
Offline  unhappy
heeeeey notice me unhappy
i want to hang out with them unhappy
he was talking with the girl behind jin unhappy
I need cheering up
my dog who my family have had for 18 years is being put down tomorrow unhappy
Molly  1. I wish I could have her hair unhappy  2. Cutest Michael girl  milly on the phone 3. HAIIIIIIR  and your lips 4. Friend5. Yes6. -
even me unhappy  *hugs*
I'm a building a LLVM backend so
I really need to build it unhappy
I can't access my school emails from any web browser unhappy  Yet I have so much homework for all my subjects on there
oh sad unhappy  goodluck!
Ouch Elena Eremina's foot slip
that fall was a mess unhappy
donny unhappy
you're so rude unhappy
oh my god same! we should attend on some lessons together sometime just kidding HAHAH
Every time Meredith has flashbacks of Derek Shepherd I can't hold back the tears unhappy
Whew! Can't asses myself unhappy
But I no have round ass crying
unhappy  i saw somebody said his hair fell out and bighit trying to figure it out
koh
tolong bantu sampaikan keluhan ARMYs ke dong. Too many complaint here and there since day 1 of ticketing unhappy
I keep waking up in the middle of the night sick as shit. unhappy
I cringed so hard :(That fall was such a shame- she had been looking really good until that point...
man its been about 2hrs since their vlive...its nearly over for sydney ppl... unhappy  goes so quick so appreciate every second!!
Hi Aled
having no mobile signal sucks unhappy  What's the full postcode for where this is happening? We're keen to help SI
That sucks unhappy
I'm rusty.. Haven't played this game since I was like 10. Just kept dying at that crocodile part crying
i really really need them right now unhappy
Hey guys could you help me by retweeting this? I've heard was legitimate and I really need a VPN account rig
GOD NOT THE KOALAS
Feeling bad unhappy  with 89 others
And this tweet made me cry!! crying .1
I could write paragraphs about it xDShame its theoretically impossible in real life unhappy
Thank you roshhh  i miss you and everyone too.  love youuu more
Me too sweetie I know how you feel unhappy
When your online crush comes to the meet-up without their Snapchat filter unhappy  .1
.the person who chose shut the fuck up: unhappy
sadly yes. since he was expected to continue losing support before dropping bombs unhappy  going up when expe
i hope this little beaand is andot overworkiandg himself and gettiandg at least some rest unhappy
he could be whatever
so? sad
But the dub is what I watch for Pokemon unhappy
are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy
Youngjae during fansign on 04/10/17 constantly massaging his back. Clearly something wrong but pretended he was not
but... you use a purple flowercrown in your display picture unhappy
i still cant unhappy
well that's terrible unhappy
Sorry piss off /3 unhappy
I woke up at 4:17
I'm a joke unhappy
So right! Sir Rob loves to torture us unhappy
My salary reminds me of the weekends
I always know when it come but have no fucking clue how it goes unhappy
i feel so sick today unhappy
I wish but I can't sad
its my birthday tomorrow baby unhappy
I'm slow unhappy
Super unhappy
trashing others and having a possee behind you boosts your ego
but not your career. unhappy
I just finished gym
had chopsuey before that unhappy  laughing my ass off humble feeds are always the bomb!
Still not possible! unhappy
whaaaaaaaat!!! You and unhappy
You had loads of toys. All I had was a Sweep hand puppet AND the bastard lost its squeak! unhappy
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca
I should do aegyo because I lost unhappy
Also please send prayers and sympathy because my favorite ball dress doesn't fit my boobs crying
I miss snsd. I miss my girls unhappy
Being a parent is very challenging. If we cannot control ourselves we'll give the worst output to the children In other word
Ngomel crying
Jonny you and your poor legs make me so sad unhappy  hope you're okay
Hope he's ok
poor mouse unhappy
no its okay she survived :
Yeah! My sight reading was pretty good in high school
but I'm a bit rusty now! unhappy
Me to self: don't buy that.Also me: but I'm a furry unhappy
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.1
i love youu so much unhappy  thank you
and have fun
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.2
so upsetting the abuse these kids get unhappy   3
Oo crying  // Happy3YearsBraceUnited
exactly same in was thinking.. unhappy
I'm scared unhappy  I mean. Why the heck did I decide to do laundry at 7:30 pm? What is wrong with me. Did I mention how dark it is. FML
Sunnyside as well unhappy
y'all want me to choke what'd I do? unhappy   (
They have a whole Japan tour ahead of them.. One that will be quite brutal on their already tired bodies. Boys unhappy
ahhh I'd be well chuffed
didn't even get an easter egg this year! unhappy  xx
Can someone buy me a tasbih pls? I don't have one unhappy
clay and hannah   - they were so in love they deserved to be endgame unhappy
please talk to me about nct instant message lonely i need to fangirl once in a while okay crying
this is so sad what the fuck unhappy
Please follow me . I have been trying to get your follow for a long time unhappy  .
I really enjoyed horrizion zero dawn but no idea what to play next unhappy
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.3
No more good conversations here unhappy
Annoyingly the spaces in the variable width version of the C64 font that's available on the internet are wi
i don't like their songs after debyout younhappy  so i can syouggest yoyou jyoust one song i really love
it's Adore you
Jackson unhappy  then Youngjae silence  aww
trop retard sad
i'd rather be sailor uranus but chibiusa but if thats everyone says i am unhappy  rip
And you're right about McConnell as well. Unfortunately
we seem to have sold our government some time ago. unhappy
I wish my dogs knew how much I hyped them up on snap chat unhappy
some people  you intensionly  they don%27t even they please someone unhappy
Very sad unhappy
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.4
The most painful goodbyes are the onesthat are never said and never explained crying  unhappy  :/
I miss BMF sad
you're got to disappear half way too? unhappy  everybody want to being lazy eue
+I have no choice but to cancel it. unhappy
Oh sadly i wont watch her right now  they're forbid me to see her unhappy
Koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .3
R.I.P cellphone unhappy
and  on the pic? unhappy
yeah unhappy
don't miss you anymore unhappy
okay what TF is this colorful starbucks thing all over social media unhappy
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.5
Well that's not good unhappy
Oh boo
mine isn't in my inbox unhappy
Didn't keep it unhappy
I only just absorbed that I'm not going to get to laugh when he gets 2000 votes. unhappy
Hi Ishwar! That's not the experience we want you to have unhappy  We will call you  for more details and sort it out! - Roshan
We All Know unhappy
I'll be as strong as I can but it's hard unhappy  xxx
I lost two streaks and it's from my two favorite people silence  unhappy  good night
I can relate to this so so much unhappy
Joy we should get him back
I can't do it all on my own. (See what I did there? )
and they'll brush it off lng telling others not applicable not applicableg-iinot applicablerte lng sila and that other had it worse than them. unhappy
usually a speedboat behind any we get here on the river unhappy
Omg I see why you don't drink alcohol Haha so glad your having fun all you guys ! Wish I
This happens ALL the time!  unhappy
0 motivation to study unhappy
happy birthday sweet sweet girl! i hope you have the best day ever! love and miss you so much unhappy
NMD R2's so ugly unhappy
my honey unhappy
philippines? unhappy
I want to but I wouldn't be able to get time off for it and don't know people in my year to go with unhappy
unhappy  friendzone. damn sad
I cried so much
I was a mess. I went to bed feeling numb it was awful unhappy
[PLEASE RT] he'll buy me a blinking taehyung headband.1
if i get 900 retweets and 900 likes. help me :(un.1
the email I was hoping I'd get today
didn't arrive unhappy  here's hoping tomorrow it does
Haha mate its all good I love a debte I just wished the center
wowwow these are all so cute unhappy  i wantt
That sucks unhappy .1
instant message getting sad unhappy
wow unhappy  people are so mean
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.6
talking to my over driver about where I'm goinghe said he'd love to go to New York too but since Trump it's probably not.2
I love them with all my hort unhappy
Golly gosh. This is simply dreadful What havoc must be wreaking subsurface? Black salve won't
Autograph book at the ready
no sign of Garry Barlow yet sad
Thank you roshhh  i miss you and everyone too.  love youuu more .1
please meeeee you have followed me for almost to  years now unhappy
what happened unhappy
True! Khilado kuch unhappy
realized i havent eaten rice maghapon because i finished 3 packs of spicy seafood noodles + to  extra big chilimansi :(acid attack right now
Post-show blues are hitting hard. unhappy
all ready for its poster - when my computer gets
good morning unhappy
Wht sort of thing (can't use word person for it)can cause such suffering to ths sad
i want to kiss his nose and tell him i love him sad
i stayed 3 hours on the phone with aD my bubbyyyyyyy i miss her unhappy
No girl unhappy  that's why. Wa ropiwa 1. Sandton is unnecessarily expensive2. Try salons in Braam.
I was actually looking forward to seeing if your theory around his personal vote was correct unhappy
Who to bring to MB man unhappy
I am sad to report that the robins egg my mom found in the yard after a storm has been taken off life support. Poor thing is too frozen unhappy
Her back unhappy  .4
slight buzy kasi besh unhappy
When you're late to work because you had to break the news to the lovely lady who cleans the house... crying together unhappy
They stopped having them when they got rid of the toy surprises at the bottom unhappy
tell me unhappy  why
i cant find my striped shirt unhappy  so instant message wearing the one that says what is your favorite thing? with lucas in the middle
Guys please help me retweet unhappy
there's always shit like this. there's always people who are less deserving getting tickets
and winning giveaways etc unhappy
truuuu!! si grim reaper and sunny huhu grabe love story nila unhappy
I caught a cold. unhappy  It seems I've got tired than I expected....
Shameful
shameful business :(Stop paying giant corporations for foods you just don't need.... wake up people plea
I miss my baby unhappy
HOLY SHIT! 40 pages script of the opening scene of Man Of Steel on Krypton got compressed.I wish I could at least
Late nights
I face swapped a cat with a dog and it's really upsetting unhappy  .2
failed unhappy  .g hehe
I miss my boo so much unhappy
I need a car unhappy  but no car unhappy  poor me unhappy
I wish i could attend it too unhappy
ikr. I would have trauma if i ware him unhappy
4/20 today
but it wasn't lit at all unhappy
why is life so unfair? unhappy
The biblical lectures are coming. More notification soon. Tomorrow
in fact.
I'm so glad I don't care what people think anymore but I wish I still looked my best everyday like I used too sad  I just pick
MUZ U MORE
SURE NO PROB. ILABYU TOO
Such a lucky slave i wish this was me unhappy
instant message still hoping unhappy
fuck unhappy
i tak ambik wedding package cause i is poor unhappy  i ambik aromaterapi massage je hajxjsjsj. Hehe see uuuu jwa
Koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .4
unhappy  let's fight all those kids
it's not cassandra cain. unhappy  not sure i want to watch batbuffy. batwoman would have been more interesting.
Half of the time it doesn't load
the other half of the time it crashes unhappy  It's embarassing when I'
right i don%27t see how people can just do shit like this
i miss hoseok unhappy
Left few months in HinHua ler unhappy  I need to gambateh wink
A fish killer going to be pressed younhappy  I the hoe of today you were a  GOOD person
She loved Beth so much unhappy
prince baekhyun.....throw me into the dungeon please i don't deserve to see your beautiful face unhappy
They are family.  It's awful when they go.  Sorry to hear. unhappy
I face swapped a cat with a dog and it's really upsetting unhappy  .3
my honey unhappy  .1
We all do unhappy  Pizza in Taiwan! Its like a swift
flavorful dream
Can't :(Tello
Swear I just walked past haha
didn't get a chance to say hi unhappy
I miss quacktopia! unhappy
are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy   .1
Goodnight I love these beautiful boys unhappy
Why no available in the U.K.? unhappy
Ailes sure knew how to make a great network!  Fox is going downhill wi
penge damit unhappy
I'm sorry unhappy
Koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .5
i'm hungry unhappy
Finals are next week unhappy  wish me luck x
I miss Temperance Brennan and Seeley Booth so much unhappy
I miss quacktopia! unhappy .1
I said D2 largely because SD D2 doesn't run on newer versions of Mac OS and I miss playing it unhappy   HD woul
follow mee plss unhappy
talking to my over driver about where I'm goinghe said he'd love to go to New York too but since Trump it's probably not.3
Babye old twitter unhappy
congratyoulations Harry!!!!! Been with you since fifa 13!!!! Miss yoyour younboxing videos unhappy
can't wait to see you in that film Karl! I wished you would be here were I'm bu
Cram reading unhappy
I'm job searching and got none so:(ButHedonism i got in abundance
it's only been a few days since their promotion ended but i'm already missing her so much unhappy  .2
Hello I am getting cyber bullied by do something about it unhappy
Call center nice game 4/20 unhappy
BES RIP
Follow me too unhappy
I'll be attending cosmic latte on saturday and i'll give these out to selu shippers KASI SELU MONTH QAQO unhappy
baby unhappy
I only just absorbed that I'm not going to get to laugh when he gets 2000 votes. unhappy  .1
friendly fire to wings tour unhappy
my back hurts sad
Typed up all the medical  shorthand abbreviation we use for work
and the dame computer decides to crash unhappy  now I...
excuse me i don%27t see my nama unhappy
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.7
That's shocking and evil unhappy
Zac farro is back By the way hehehe So sad Jeremy is not unhappy
Maa ki kuss tumhari. Now take this bullshit you loser.
I thought mountain dew in Australia had no caffeine and it was the little energy drink cans were caffeinated I will never sleep again unhappy
i hope this little beaand is andot overworkiandg himself and gettiandg at least some rest unhappy  .1
base unver ajalah MINAHAES unhappy
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.8
has someone contacted jelpi about the issue rn? unhappy
arisun at town hall has pretty terrible service and rude staff. we only went there because ICG's fryer was broken unhappy
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.9
Powerpoint'te mi hazirladiniz post'u unhappy
Yeah! My sight reading was pretty good in high school.1
but I'm a bit rusty now! unhappy  .1
only pure evil people unhappy
poor baby unhappy  I hate people .1
what a great thing to be sad about unhappy
so my hair iand suandlight versus ando light but I waandt to chaandge it and I duandando if I waandt to go darker or bloandder sad  please help (po
Hi Ashish! We tried to call your number but got no response unhappy  Please share another suitable time and an alternate.. cont1
Kante why do broke girls love exposing broke niggars so much? Where's the team spirit? unhappy
But i want unhappy  that looks so yummy hehehe.
Don't think I'm pretty enough unhappy
Koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .6
did some warm up sketches of some of my faves
i was going to add bazza
but i can't
i just want to wish marissa a happy birthday but she keeps ignoring me sad
what's wrong with you why don't you like animals unhappy
Someone build house on (4) i cant do it unhappy  cant believe this hasn't already been done????
tulips are my favorite unhappy
Omg I'm sad to say that I actually don't remember this! unhappy  when did this happen??
crying  We're getting VM soon wooo
unhappy  my 4c struggle is not valid?
77 ? Old Leyland
love it unhappy
only pure evil people unhappy .1
sounds family
this is jimin to yoongi unhappy
Chin up Leo crying
slight buzy kasi besh unhappy  .1
Rip tes 100k experience  crying
please reading this breaks my heart unhappy
mager unhappy
penge damit unhappy .1
this is jimin to yoongi unhappy  .1
Bapak Tom Cruise.
I only just absorbed that I'm not going to get to laugh when he gets 2000 votes. unhappy  .2
I just watched this kid from produce 101 who performed Chewing Gum omoo poor kid bless his soul unhappy
Definitely my arms unhappy
My moms leaving today to go out of town and I already miss her unhappy
I can't do it all on my own. (See what I did there? ) .1
When your online crush comes to the meet-up without their Snapchat filter unhappy  .2
and i would never forget about you!!
fuckin' headache everyday unhappy
Jyoust hyoug me
hyoug me longer than 10 secs. Hyoug me even when i don%27t want you to unhappy
the saddest part of my day everyday is when ryan has to leave at 5:30 am unhappy
What did he say I'm at work unhappy  totally made my day though
jimin doesnt follow me yet unhappy
I DON'T KNOW WHERE I WAS AT THIS TIME BUT I HAVE RETWEETED NOW AND I'VE BEEN WAITING THE DM FOR A LONG TIME unhappy
need moodbooster juseyo unhappy
i miss you too unhappy
Wth why did 4/20 have to happen during the Easter holidays it's one of the best days in Leeds unhappy
hakyeon turns 27 soon oh my god no he's still a baby unhappy
It's gray outside today unhappy
I ordered car yesterday
dealer said loads of cars were returning due to disabled losing them sad
Gotta keep trying before i have to quit to work unhappy  pick me please! give
Definitely my arms unhappy  .1
I literally couldn't see a thing when they were at the back of the stage
the girl in front of me was
Definitely my arms unhappy  .2
getting up this morning was a hassle unhappy
My mom knows the struggle of this drystreak I'm on unhappy
Haven't played FM in a long time. I really should. unhappy
Someone messed up unhappy  Available**
I miss my baby unhappy .1
Yesterday's faci so cute! But he 30+ :(Today's faci is old eeyer
yes jenniessi?
SO PRECIOUS I REALLY MISS HIM unhappy
Louis_Tomlinson follow me please? unhappy
I WAITED FOR U unhappy
That makes me sad. unhappy  I wasn't friends with her like you
but I liked seeing her posts and love her wri
I WAITED FOR YOU unhappy
U4v9rr I wish I had noted the gentleman's name unhappy  but if you find out who he is
please do commend him. H
I do it for 5/6 times a week leh sad  and yes closing is damn fuck opening so much better
no one is selling vhope banners what?  sad
All my irls are coming at me because I meet the boys too much and I don't deserve any of it unhappy
you might set the whole place on fire.
i'll try sad and yes i am unhappy
Goodmorning!! My Parents are taking kids for lunch today- they are off school-Report Card! I'm wor
yeah sad
Streaming later in the day (night stream) since i have to go and take care of the internet contract
sorry guys unhappy
True unhappy
help me too unhappy  as an early birthday gift huhu
Definitely my arms unhappy  .3
Just please look at how scared and full of tence lauren's face is after tryin reaching camila's hand
baby unhappy  (bett
aww eunji didnt see win today sad  but congratulations to winner !!!!
You can have mine and I'll take the iPhone. I'm switching back when my contract is up... in a year and a half unhappy
i know.. i really want his ranks to rise a lot during tmr's episode but seeing how many tweet about him.. unhappy
Hitches Ride For Final unhappy
White genocide is not a thing. Its figment of your imagination. Youre a victim of nothing but disinformation.
one direction (band)  whats going on unhappy
Too bad i can't watch it unhappy  that cake is cute and looks delicious
Definitely my arms unhappy  .4
give me my own AHN MINHYUK juseyoooo unhappy
sorry unhappy  i just need sex for the time being
Definitely my arms unhappy  .5
wants to say HI to you.
this is jimin to yoongi unhappy  .2
It seems they cost abut 40k a year? I'm paying half that for my full education and don't get treat
Definitely my arms unhappy  .6
come to Miami sad
TW: S AssaultActually horrified how many friends of mine women I talk to have been sexually assaulted in past. Just found out another unhappy
my heart unhappy
soph please don%27t win again unhappy   jk.. good luck i think you will draw a good poster
sad  I don't
unfortunately
i really feel for that lamp unhappy
sadly I'm not unhappy
last kiss unhappy
WHY ARE YOU WHIMPER AT ME?
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.10
Been streaminuteg for 45 minute not understanding a thing and still.. unhappy
Why is it so difficult for me to get at least a chance unhappy
for some reason last.fm unlinks from spotify and i miss like a month of scrobbles before i notice unhappy
only take season 9 off
Definitely my arms unhappy  .7
Definitely my arms unhappy  .8
All of the park areas in Paris are marked as green on Google maps
but in reality they're just patches of dusty dirt unhappy
ill be at work just a second come on unhappy
and he's still taking over a quarter of the billboard charts while x is
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.11
Guys please help I tried to smoke some lettuce earlier but now my salad is ruined unhappy
CAN SOMEONE PLS GIFT ME XAYAH USING PI PLSSSS? unhappy
instant message still bored unhappy
this is jimin to yoongi unhappy  .3
My heart hurts. sad  I hate people
can just see the edge creeping in unhappy
Its not organicthey'll shoehorn it inbut plot  character developmentMCU netflix has lesWhat support
I suddenly miss you ate unhappy
Biggest problem for paper books is storage unhappy
i havent been this early to school since last semester unhappy
Pierces like a bitch unhappy
I think that's one of the hottest part of your body
wow this is amazing but i won't be in the country unhappy
Definitely my arms unhappy  .9
i want harry's phonecase sad
Work at 7 this morning unhappy
jungkook looks like he gives the biggest and warmest hugs unhappy
Ah Baba no idea tori olorun. May I never be a victim of such case
PSA: REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU ASK ARTISTS TO DRAW FOR YOU. I'd say the same thing for writers but apparently commissi
I want to give him everything that makes him happy just to see this smile unhappy
I miss Jamie boy and we're both sick unhappy
what if the one direction (band)  itself is the one who's giving up? unhappy
damn ify ate unhappy
Whaaattt
don't rt to save a guy's life
Nooo your hair color is pretty
Koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .7
Definitely my arms unhappy  .10
where's justin i miss him unhappy
Someone should bring me breakfast to work unhappy
Thats grim unhappy
oh noooo baby unhappy
I'm so tired unhappy
I miss you Levi unhappy
i left my headphones at home unhappy  kms
I wish I was meeting OA again unhappy
A year ago today is the last time Sakho played for us unhappy
they would have sustained their fame if they did unhappy
I miss him unhappy
ich will ned unhappy
When your online crush comes to the meet-up without their Snapchat filter unhappy  .3
This is by far my worst day of 2017 since January 8th unhappy  crying  crying .
Note to self: Dont get to attached crying
Mine hasn't been sending stuff unhappy
Definitely my arms unhappy  .11
Roc Boyz sad
i love you but I can%27t be arsed i don%27t know why people keep saying it unhappy
No Celtics or Bruins today unhappy  At least Sale is pitching for the Sox
I honestly think that their just trying to get rid of me and make a mockery out of me in my Town because i just wont admit it. unhappy
Nooo your hair color is pretty .1
Aseek
Bantay? unhappy
Trying to get in touch with but their numbers appear to be down! unhappy
Need your help guys crying
A fish killer going to be pressed younhappy  I the hoe of today you were a  GOOD person .1
I need lessons to learn how to start conversations with people and keep chatting with them unhappy
Who hacked me unhappy
Damn you both
I won't be on till later! unhappy
Lets hope a VIP does this good deed. I want to watch this too . They shouldn't have done thi
sometimes at night i feel scared and vulnerable crying
If you really want to dye it don't go lighter
how come i didn't get a reminder email this month unhappy
wowwow these are all so cute unhappy  i wantt .1
[PLEASE RT] he'll buy me a blinking taehyung headband.2
if i get 900 retweets and 900 likes. help me :(un.2
younhappy  I'll keep it jyoust for you
Damn it isn't available here unhappy
it's $10 but also free postage. i wish the seller had yanan and yeo one too. unhappy
Don kray denial of normal bi say
Same unhappy  I've unfollowed so many people ugh
it's such a negative pit of unhappiness
its ending soon aah unhappy
Definitely my arms unhappy  .12
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.12
Faltan Russel  why Noodle unhappy
yeah i am unhappy  thank you so much my angel
i miss jihoon sad .1
We lost: at Jacksonville
2010 Week 11
24-20 unhappy
i hope this little beaand is andot overworkiandg himself and gettiandg at least some rest unhappy  .2
Guess who's not getting a unicorn frappuccino because they're sold out unhappy
what if the one direction (band)  itself is the one who's giving up? unhappy  .1
come back callie  gabbie d ghost unhappy  i love you both
unhappy  oh man..
it kind of feels like a sunburight now right now sad  someone please make the nobby things on glasses not slip
Guess who's not getting a unicorn frappuccino because they're sold out unhappy .1
Would really like it if the coandsole versioands and got the update to makr it like the Steam versioand. =(
Hi! We tried to call your number but got no response unhappy  Please share another suitable time and an alternate number.. cont1
Sooooo feels like a Friday today unhappy
Definitely my arms unhappy  .13
I miss talking to yoyoyou  who are yoyou younhappy  yoyou can always still talk to me
This picture makes me sad unhappy
why can't dogs just live forever unhappy
I understand that look sad
my boyfriend mad cute unhappy
i miss minmin crying
good morning i had a nightmare and i'm still wondering why maddie hates me. this is only the beginning of the day unhappy
pake unhappy
I miss London already unhappy
jyoustinbieber can you please follow me on daianeryoufato i've been trying for too long unhappy  i love you so much baby! xx (April 20
2017 at 08:45AM)
Deep scratch ;_;All the paint is gone  you see the bare metal. So it needs to be fixed to avoid getting a rusting car soon unhappy
when will you go here in batangas? sad
I miss you more unhappy
I only just absorbed that I'm not going to get to laugh when he gets 2000 votes. unhappy  .3
this wasnt meant to sound ano sad
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.13
One year ago today unhappy
this song will always be one of my faves unhappy
talking to my over driver about where I'm goinghe said he'd love to go to New York too but since Trump it's probably not.4
fuck get me followers unhappy  my ratio is amazing
mom please stop making cookies
they're like 90 calories per piece unhappy
I miss the 7/27 costumes unhappy
why did she delete the tweet
now I need a different pinned tweet unhappy
[thinks about how tfp soundwave is forever trapped in the void realm] unhappy
You deserve better . Hope you'll be okay unhappy
mane has been amazing unhappy
Dammit the effect of the linearts doesn't show so nicely on twitter unhappy
but like HOW LONG IS A WHILE?! i didn't want him to be back but he puts me in such a good mood so i don't want him
we can get pork katsudon at Tokyo Diner! Tho it doesn't have egg in it unhappy
before anyone else we ass hole unhappy
the anniversary of josh's death unhappy
so sorry I havent been checking my tweets unhappy  We are all here for you!
Aww unhappy  I'm on Coeurl
Oh no unhappy
I liked a video
my puppies deserves all better unhappy
My husband has a family history with the mafia too but he doesn't know the stories sad
WTF Canada 2017 and you are still in the 1700s. I Will Never support
buy or do anything that supports Canada until
suuuuuuuuss scared crying
One table last night told me I look like a graceful ballerina gliding through tables- then another told me I looked like a flash dancer unhappy
seem I want to drop this account to wuhyungwon unhappy
Don't ask. Two special issues lined up. unhappy
you got to rest
man. : (
Does anyone have a 7 adapter or 7 earbuds i can borrow for the day? Left mine in my car unhappy
I'm staying here in SA unhappy
Preacher...... unhappy
Umma why you do this crying
I miss it already unhappy
Well thanks for stoping by unhappy
Why? You don't like blonde hair? unhappy
3. That's a lot cheaper and easier than make your own. My schematic needs special cables that doesn't come easy. unhappy
Pozuelo (formerly of Swans) and Suso (Liverpool now AC)
both look so so good at there current clubs. Shame they never cut it in the PL unhappy
Gorbachev done  w/o fear. Thought bold enough to implement his vision on Damp Squib unhappy
WUUT SERIOUSLY?
Who got to pen today man crying
As if this process hasn't been frustrating enough
it's just got 3 years longer unhappy
Roc Boyz sad  .1
Ravel Morrison unhappy
That is super scary unhappy
Same. unhappy  I got a 12h stream coming up for my Bday in 8 hours. And I'm still not sleeping.
talking to my over driver about where I'm goinghe said he'd love to go to New York too but since Trump it's probably not.5
Ps4 mate
got to aksis 2nd part and have a CP for him but have never completed it since return on investment dropped laughing out loud unhappy
we left it all unspoken
we buried it alive and now it's screaming in my head crying
DONT LAUGH unhappy  MEANIE BASE
Sorry I didn't make it to the book drive yesterday couldn't get outta work unhappy
yoongi come back unhappy
NOOOO in here is 6.45 ;_; I have classes at that time unhappy
YG should have sent them to MCD. I want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways .7
Call Duration: Before sex: 01:47:36 After sex: 00:00:19 crying
this is jimin to yoongi unhappy  .4
I'm all fucked up right now unhappy
Definitely my arms unhappy  .14
Last day of the camp tomorrow
it's been so much fun and I absolutely love the kids!! Don't want it to be over so soon unhappy
Koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .8
Think it would drive me mad once the synths and other robots turned up. unhappy
now i don%27t want to go camp unhappy
can I only pick one unhappy
But I'm lonely. unhappy
Hi! We tried to call your number but got no response unhappy  Please share another suitable time and an alternate number for.. cont1
Miss my friends unhappy
The one on the left? I couldn't see it unhappy
not applicablengarag not applicable this unhappy  ill find more wonu pictures soon alxmdkcsnx
please answer request.  unhappy
Koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .9
most painful thing ever is having feelings for someone you can't be with .. unhappy
No one is offering this poor old lady a seat unhappy
lexxxxxy unhappy  youre too nice to me instant message really not eek
Why am I better at pen then pencil?dafaqcomonI just want to be a good drawer unhappy
mayes unhappy  .g
Thanks for that! Little things like that really help when sleep starts hitting and you don't drink coffee or energy drinks unhappy
i miss them already unhappy
Definitely my arms unhappy  .15
oh my god what the heck i'm so sorry! this was one of my favorites as well unhappy
Scout photobombed my bluebells photo sad
Crap. Hailie won't be there. She has a school game and won't make it to Middleburg in time unhappy
Still NO sign - it's a very small area ( Gardens ) and it would be very obvious sad  quite a few eyes now
but no sign.
My knee is similar colour to leny Henry's unhappy
Okey unhappy
In so much pain. My eye hurts unhappy
Don't be buffalo unhappy
It's hard to imagine anyone but Robin unhappy  but still exciting nonetheless
at least it's not 80 cad like here unhappy  (90 cad with Quebec taxes)
Ye... I will miss you unhappy
22 is old unhappy
Rl? Serius?
