Pak PM survives removal scare
but court orders further probe into corruption charge.
Supreme Court quashes criminal complaint against cricketer for allegedly depicting himself as on magazine cover.
Art of Living's fights back over Yamuna floodplain damage
livid.
FCRA slap on NGO for lobbying...But was it doing so as part of govt campaign?
Why doctors
pharma companies are opposing names on
Why a bicycle and not a CM asked. His officer learnt ground reality -- and  a dip in a river.
It's 2017. making law to ban And MHA is sitting on draft.
Rivals govts unite to act against sex-determination tests.
Haryana peasants demand justice for right to cattle trade.
Why schools in Calcutta (and elsewhere) are stunned by imposition plan.
Why renamed places in
Oooh! the shame
the trauma... of driving without the red
flashing light. (And paying for parking).
Now have to learn to live without that flashing red light.
BJP leaders in the dock
lose their light
naming game
and more. Also in epaper.
UK Parliament votes by 522 to 13 in favour of early national
April 19 1906: Nobel Laureate Pierre Curie was run over by a horse-drawn wagon near the Pont Neuf
Paris
and killed
India to end culture of sirens on cars.
From May 1
only on vehicles: Gadkari.
No from now on cars of PM
ministers: transport minister Nitin Gadkari after Cabinet meet.
44 feared killed as bus falls into River Tons in Nerwa area of district: police.
BSF dismisses Constable Tej Bahadur Yadav from service after a court of inquiry. Bad quality food allegations were base
jawan Tej Bahadur Yadav
who took to social media complaining of bad food
dismissed from service after inquiry.
U.S. to review lifting of sanctions on Iran: Tillerson
Huge haul of milk-boosting hormone in Calcutta.
Good news from it seems are thriving at Valmiki reserve.
In Sushil Modi lists property chain.
3 queens take centrestage.
A peek into FIR against leaders in case.
Spurned by mom
this baby at Calcutta has died.
India may make it illegal for social messaging platforms to share personal data.
Why extradition could take ages.
March 20. Plus 15 days. Equals...
KP Nayar on why discrediting military justice system will not help case.
Sharad wants Gujarat CM arrested for trying to push making meat a communal issue.
Man shouts at wife in family court. And walks out.
Overburdened says it may not be able to hold for college teachers this year.
President backs move to make mandatory up to Class X.
Nationalist trend spreads-- tightens rules to shield local jobs (and keep out Indians).
Visa 'selfie' by CBSE's plans
blessing
cloud over and more. Also in epaper.
Scotland Yard arrests in London
but court grants him bail.
Liquor baron declared a proclaimed offender
on extradition warrant: Scotland Yard.
British Prime Minister Theresa May says she wants to hold early election on June 8: Reuters
quoting BBC
Supreme Court seeks govt's response on a plea to frame national policy to promote and
JK: Schools  colleges shut down after clashes
demands Presidential rule
Beetle from grips litchi crop in
Supreme Court asks govt to explain why need pre-censorship.
US NSA H.R. to arrive in today; to hold talks with NSA
Why you should shun water at beaches.
Having lost Kerala bypoll
won't have to keep its promise of 'good quality
So
is -- and not to blame for stipend crisis faced by 4000 scholars?
The middleman (or conman) nephew tapped to bribe election commission officials.
Can  Air India enforce fines on unruly passengers for
Top law advisor backs use of human shield
but some veteran generals see breach.
Arrest of a conman and bribe charges against nephew churns politics.
How cloaked debate in Draupadi's robes.
Draupadi and campuses in erupt
politics
and more. Also in epaper. .1
CBI books 12 leaders in case.
Supreme Court summons boss
orders sale of slice.
SC summons Home Secretaries of West Bengal
UP
Karnataka
Tamil Nadu
Bihar  Jharkhand for nice try filling police vacancie
Manini Chatterjee on why writings are still an indictment of India.
Why wants paper trail in elections.
Govt to set up panel to study service conditions of paramilitary forces.
Amit Roy on an potboiler.
Muslim body lays down code of conduct during divorce
but won't ban
Modi's call to ensure justice for women facing evil customs.
PM's pitch for sisters
board's stand on an potboiler. And more. Also in epaper.
Why the always meets this man when he visits eastern India.
Secessionists in and the next generation.
In 7Days: secessionists
tete-a-tete with a former president
a dying language
and more.
Farooq Abdullah wins seat -- with just 4% of total votes.
No govt probe yet into video on by army.
As learns to follow rules
funds for poor students dry up.
From panchayat to Parliament seems to be boss Amit Shah's goal.
Why the PM may hang out
but you should not.
A PM who hangs out
lotus garden dreams
cash lock on JNU students and more. Also in epaper.
7 coaches of Meerut-Lucknow Rajya Rani Express derail near Rampur
Uttar Pradesh VIDEO:
Counting of votes for to Lok Sabha constituency begins.
What Calcutta is doing to get mom to accept her calf.
To stress dress code
Mecca issues picture cards.
Security on border put at risk by trade.
With national body meeting
readies stage for 2019.
6 features of extended stay in
BSP boss is not averse to joining forces with non-BJP parties.
Army under fire after alleged tactic in
The untold love story of and Ayesha Mukherjee.
Vile tactic in Valley
a love story
a giraffe spurns its calf
Gandhi  Champaran
and more. Also in epaper. .2
Man seen tied to army jeep in video from JK identified
while the unit involved was PTI
quoting officials
3 arrested in connection with of men on polling day in Budgam on April 9: Police.
Hijacked Indian Dhow Al-Kausar released
Good show by pales next to 329% jump in imports.
Transparency in Looking for India's ranking? Start at the bottom.
How to stop (and loot) a express with just a coin.
States rename roads to duck ban on but top court won't step in till after summer break.
Research seats at hit again as regulator tightens rules for guides.
How lost its deposit in Rajouri Garden stronghold.
In Bengal Trinamool vote share goes up
but surges to runner-up slot.
3 men die trying to save friend from on
What results mean for others.
Half full
half empty for cloud over research
breather for highway booze
and more. Also in epaper. .3
Setting up court at home
Justice asks Chief Justice of India
bench to appear before him.
Dargah Trust volunteers in SC to clear in 908sq metre.
President clears for pieces of supporting legislation related to
By-polls: retains Kanthi Dakshin
retains assembly seat
7% voter turnout in Kashmir's re-poll
All you need to know about Election Commission's 'open challenge' to hack
Foreign journalists in North Korea gather for 'big event' amid tensions
Rehearsing for and more. In our Guwahati epaper.
Cops dug out these to  healers who were buried alive for practising
Bihar sets Rs25lakh fee for who skip after subsidised education.
A visit to retracing trip.
Why may not show in
Did the Supreme Court chicken out while deciding on
How (but not failed govt's birthplace test.
10 years
Rs 42 crore needed to repair damage to floodplain from event.
Try hacking India's Election Commission challenges all.
never wanted cows to become  a burden on farmers
Pawar points out.
Bounty on Savarkar on Yamuna damage bill
Sita's birthplace
and more. Also in epaper. .4
20 IAS officers in including Principal Secretary Information Navneet Sehgal
transferred in 1st major shuffle by
Centre moves against Supreme Court verdict lifting shield.
Crusader pleads for saving
Sangh puts up show of strength in
India
to look beyond defence during visit.
Murder of Pune activist fuels fears against revived UPA clause in law.
In few tears for father of 3 killed by stones.
Sukanta Chaudhuri on and what it means for Indian
scraps pension yojana. Cycle tracks may also be broken
say sources
Subir Bhaumik on why in should worry Calcutta
Guwahati.
Even benchmark for pro-poor leader seems to be
How had offered India consular access to
Pak terms for access
model for Modi
activist is killed
and more. Also in epaper. .5
Defence Partnership
Preliminary enquiry by against Health Minister for alleged money laundering.
Menu at dinner: praise for And more praise.
Why body will not pull up either or
Chain of wrong drugs. No senior doctor to check. Then death. All this at Delhi.
What to  men said when cops found carcass in car boot...
How bypoll was put off-- on ruling combine's request.
Admission of defeat in Kashmir
tougher road laws
Leander and Mahesh get away
and more. Also in epaper. .6
PM and Australian PM at Temple
Pak court sentences to death for spying.
Lok Sabha adjourned for 3rd time till 1.50pm as Opposition uproar over leader Tarun Vijay's remarks continues.
Cong forced to  adjournments in pre-noon session over alleged misuse of ED and CBI against opposition Chief Ministers.
The How and Why of (or
how not to bore your friends).
Few takers in for Mamata's Torsa plan.
Govt mulls giving power to award to teachers.
Some see hope in comments.
Not  a girl reared by monkeys
after all.
Fewer Pollution
paddy fields could be to blame.
8 killed in election violence
record low turnout.
Road safety crusader to fight bid to bypass order on highway
Badly equipped surgery
panic and deaths. At India's top hospital.
Killed in deaths in not girl after all. And more. Also in epaper.
Indian Navy Ships respond to Piracy Attack on Foreign Merchant Vessel in Gulf of Aden
All you need to know about 2017 across eight states VIDEO:
3 killed
several injured as mobs storm polling booths; Low 3.3 % turnout till 11 am
Mukul Kesavan on how  justifies even though it controls the machinery of the state.
We
the People of are going back to a economy
numbers show.
No supporting any activity that is violent...against the law: Ram Madhav.
India has changed
the has to re-invent itself
Ram Madhav tells
3 quaint digs for those on a budget (or even less).
full interview inside in 7 Days.
Calcutta's suddenly cannot have enough of mother's dishes --but outsourced from outlets.
There is no barometer for patriotism
Ram Madhav tells in a wide-ranging interview.
In 7 Days: QA with Ram Madhav
road to economy
home-cooked food
and more. .1
A to tackle less wheat
mangoes
chicken; more pulses
veggies
mutton

Govt to go after militants with 'utmost harshness'
Ram Madhav tells .1
5640 is less than 155 in world
as she opts for over
Modi promises early deal. But...
Modi takes plunge
Raje's Stock-home syndrome
strategy
and more. Also in epaper. .7
Andhra govt to turn a into a museum.
for private airlines follow in revoking flying ban on Sena's
Man arrested over truck deaths suspected to have carried out attack.
22 agreements signed
but water pact remains elusive for India
.1
Vijayvargiya dares to arrest leaders.
Theme village on or a sanctuary?
Reservoirs to financial deal
works on options to get backing on
Sunanda K Datta-Ray on why political ethos must be faulted for the racist attacks on students.
How lawmaker ticked 3 boxes: supremacist
upper-caste
Hindi-belt party.
Modi's gesture for BJP's spot
Air India lifts no-fly ban on MP
and more. Also in epaper. .8
In stone-pelters miss Mehbooba's brother but he gets the message.
A tale of to  prime ministers
told by GST.
Modi had tested waters with letter to on
As lands in Delhi
an untold story of how Pranab Mukherjee nixed plan to unseat her.
Close shave for passengers of and planes at Delhi airport.
What Sushma forgot in racism sermon: Modi
MMS too had cried racism while Oz was probing Indian attacks
Supreme Court asks 6 states to explain why vigilantes should not be banned.
Perfectly happy with the players we've got
Sanjiv Goenka tells
Bengal in a fix over bars: pay for repairs
or let take a hit?
How sword-wielding processions left gaping.
5 kids orphaned: their parents were branded and hacked to death.
Air India to tighten security at Mumbai  Pune as threatens to stall airline's operations there.
RBI keeps policy rate unchanged at 6.25%.
Sena's apologises in Parliament
but won't say sorry to man he had assaulted.
China lodges protest with India's Ambassador in Vijay Gokhale over the visit to Arunachal Pradesh: Foreign Ministry.
No Change in word limit in RTI queries; no application will be rejected only on the ground of containing more than 500
KP Nayar on why Narendra Modi can be satisfied with his policy.
In court's limit of 500m leaves very few watering holes (and is dry).
Voting pattern shows cofounder
wife were split over COO
What did for some stretches of highways (to save bars?).
Riddle over 'formerly' tag on collection.
Mystery over art
roads
what 500m is in And more. Also in epaper.
Trump repeals Obama-era broadband rules.
High Court orders govt to waive of all drought-hit farmers.
India's old ties with should continue to be nurtured
says Kanwal Sibal.
Bengal looks at ways to change classification of to bypass order.
After SC ban
worries about unsold stocks.
UP: to hold his 1st cabinet meeting today
big decisions expected
Trump signs repeal of U.S. broadband privacy rules
A initiative helps generate shield in Sundarbans.
India plans to deport refugees.
Education rankings throw up surprises.
After attacks
envoys upset by silence of and
Why African envoys are upset
best colleges and varsities
ill-fitting dentures
and more. Also in epaper. .9
To know about the safety features of watch special interview with Dr. Ajay Bhushan Pandey
CEO today at 7
Mohandas Pai backs Murthy against COO pay hike.
Somali grab Indian with 11 crew members.
Corrected. Thanks.
Poll data show still rules the roost in
BIG STORY: African envoys slam Indian govt for not condemning Gr Noida attack enough; say no visible
sufficient measures
MCD polls: releases second list of 127 candidates
Daddy dearest
grooming season dawns in Madhya Pradesh
SC to hear petition challenging Bombay HC order on beef ban
Keeping an eye on your house
fixing iPhone storage issues and more. in
Why India is not ready for manipulation in human embryos.
Virulent are going against India's culture (and census)
says Manini Chatterjee.
Son of chief minister reveals his political ambition.
Why should only private doctors face punishment?
How is going against the wave of transparency in
India's opaque law
Bengal wishlist
virulent and more. Also in epaper.
The timeline.
diary items
What do religious have against atheists and
At Balagarh in the dying art of
Generation to generation
indignation remains well-fed
writes Sonia Sarkar.
A few reasons to celebrate the uncelebrated
and sing the song of the sullied.
In UP
carcasses found at home of govt doctor into drugs.
In 7 Days: Kashmiri indignation
Begum Jaan
vanishing boatmakers
and more. Also in epaper. .10
What happened to restaurants along highways after ban on bars.
Flutter at trial raises fresh scare about accuracy.
Bypassing highway ban
trial raises rigging fears
killers to hang
and more. Also in epaper. .11
Why Sena lawmakers are opposing harsher steps for those assaulting public servants.
Delhi Police has arrested MD Ajay Chandra for not developing a project despite getting funds from investors.
ED finds leader Chhagan Bhujbal's connection with shell companies after conducting raids in and
convoy attacked on Parimpora-Panthachowk bypass in Police
These are things that will get cheaper  costlier for you from April 1
Saha's preference: One-dayers  T20s
Ram Guha on what he finds outstanding about Shivshankar Menon's book Choices.
How theatre festival got muffled.
In case for costs NGO a contract for soup kitchens.
How to win friends and influence people. With cows.
For first time in 3 decades
rate falls below 8%.
Scientists build case for against bites
contact.
India's Supreme Court shuts highway booze hatch.
How became a avenger with no mercy.
Gujarat turns avenger
prices slashed
case for bat and more. Also in epaper.
8 core sectors slow down to 1% in Feb 2017 against 9.4% in Feb 2016.
Govt cuts rates on schemes marginally.
Two Indians kidnapped in South Sudan released
Justice faces Supreme Court
gets for weeks to reply in case.
India using to tackle insurgents.
India readies $5bn credit line for as backup.
No relief yet for sellers in
In new TV channel's bedroom journalism on trial.
India rushes to put out fire.
7 Indian to scrap tags for handbaggage.
Supreme Court may hear key cases during summer break.
Apex court puts work first
hotel fire in Calcutta
bedroom journalism on trial
and more. Also in epaper. .12
NGT punches holes in Delhi fuel supply chain with ban on old tankers.
Z-plus cover for Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister
Not a single idea from Opposition on clean says
Make in built in Westward ho! for Calcutta estate. Read
No stamping  tagging of fliers' hand baggage at 7 major from April 1.
52 injured as Jabalpur-Delhi train derails near half train carries on after delay.
Latest attacks on African students threaten India's most intense diplomatic outreach to continent
The first group of locals came forward yesterday with cakes and cards for african victims of racist mob violence
WHO in drive to check errors.
UGC extends funding scheme for
Eight coaches of derail near station in Uttar Pradesh
nine injured: CPRO North Central Railway.
SC to hear various petitions on the Constitutional legitimacy of today
When protestors in began trying to rescue trapped
Did just bring into the sharing issue?
to  days to sell 96000 trucks  buses
670000 bikes
16000 cars and 40000 autos.
824000 new vehicles trashed
home truths
Dhaka talks Chinese and more. Also in epaper.
Music legend will receive his diploma and medal in Stockholm in the next few days
Unnamed: 431
Nashri Tunnel: PM to inaugurate India's longest road tunnel VIDEO:
Toshiba approves Chapter 11 filing for nuclear unit Westinghouse: Nikkei
On epic migration  campaign that ended its slaughter in pit stop.
Abha Narain Lambah on her mission to restore Capitol Complex in
Only to  ways to tackle world's says Prabhat Patnaik.
Fear and outrage among students from in Delhi
.2
In varsity
mood is against communalism
and hijabs stand for not radicalisation.
Militant wing welcomes but asks him not to speak against
3 shot dead in as protestors try to rescue
For this visiting Prime Minister
spell endures.
Perch on the peak
African hunt in Noida
Kabali's spell
and more. Also in epaper. .13
This mighty Albatross carried missile torpedoes
depth charges  sonobuoys.Pse note the 'msl-torp' getting released
going through paces of decommissioing. Very poignant moment for IN/ air arm - to  give a send off to  a true War Horse
attacked in Five arrested
CM assures impartial probe
Ashok V Desai notes that is yet to say a word on whether achieved its goals.
Govt looking at getting Sena MP out of list.
What Supreme Court said about welfare schemes and proof.
India's force wants 20 MPs named and shamed for antics.
44 days of extreme That's the prediction for
Heat wave coming
handling bullies
and welfare
and more. Also in epaper. .14
A 7-judge bench has to be set up to hear the pleas challenging but right now it is not possible:
Govt
however
cannot be stopped from using in other schemes like opening of bank accounts
says
Government cannot make mandatory for extending benefits of its welfare schemes:
Manini Chatterjee on how the is adopting all the of the of yore.
Life in a dark corner of has become magical after villagers got their 1st this year.
When gave this MP a bus all to himself to board flight...as 'goodwill'
Ignorance and shape Indians' attitude towards
Some diplomats worry over choice of as chief minister.
MP Sushmita Dev's plea to keep out of takes wings online.
BJP's flagging campaign
and Modi's comment.
Envoys  worry over India and taxing sanitary napkins
clue
and more. Also in epaper. .15
The iconoclasm of Carnatic exponent and how he is moving beyond the the artificial boundaries.
For Matthew Hayden
India versus Australia is Holyfield versus Tyson
Puritans and critics be damned
is effective and his figures show that.
What means to Mathew Hayden.
Sajeda Momin on why as CM is a logical milestone of the death of the
On electile dysfunction (among losers)
the case for and electoral reforms.
How self-belief has kept him on top of the game.
Despite its IT edge
can't defend its digital assets from
How TM Krishna took beyond fixed formats
venues and audiences.
In 7Days: cricket's commoner prince
Adityanath's rise
Calcutta's timekeepers
and more. .2
The tick-tock brotherhood that keeps Calcutta's old running.
How 4000 Punjab cops spent night preventing by filling breach in wall with
Cash rewards likely for doctors following correct protocol.
Why India is trying to seal with
Can a man equated with the Great Leap backwards talk of asks Mukul Kesavan.
Centre overrides Bengal
sets 1 for 800
000 seats across 3400 colleges.
KP Nayar on why failure to repeal is a wake-up call for him.
Wake-up call for Trump
progress or the Great Leap backwards
electile dysfunction
and more. Also in epaper. .16
Development of all
appeasement of none is the policy of my govt
says UP chief minister Yogi
Delhi CM put on trial in a criminal defamation case filed against him by Union Minister Arun Jaitley in matter.
UP female cops take selfies while guarding acid attack victim in hospital
suspended
Sunanda Datta-Ray on the journey from light to
Modi govt to consult on before talking to
Car sales recover from in all regions -- barring east and
Shashank Manohar to stay on as chairman till June meet.
In Bengal
made to trek 2km to fetch water for
What industrialists did when asked them a question on
So.1
and share a bugbear.
Why a list may not be a good idea.
India's list
quiz for industry
common bugbear for India and and more. Also in epaper.
ED issues notice to for violation of provisions to the tune of Rs 73 crore in IPL.
Vistara joins for pervert airlines in call for list after assault on Air India manager by MP
Supreme Court asks poll panel if security of needs to be tested
as petitioner wants.
After assault on Air India manager
MP put on no-fly list by for pervert airlines as well.
Twitter explores premium version after 11 years as a free service
India's to go in 6 months.
Administrators named for cricket body.
Govt drops plan to slip in pseudo
1st round of talks held
without hawks.
In Lucknow
the famed has to conform.
Lucknow's falls
guns for BJP
govt ducks call for vote verifiers
and more. Also in epaper. .17
Unruly behaviour and violence on our aviation network is regrettable. Each such incident will be investigated and appropri
7 arrested in attack case; police see link.
UPDATE: British police arrest seven in probe into attack on
7 arrested in attack probe.
British police probing background of terrorist.
Bombay High Court directs protesting resident in to resume duty immediately
Swapan Dasgupta on how elections have dashed hopes that would weaken.
People wanted to buy in bulk from govt
take it home to...well
Nitish is not stupid.
In UP ministry
keeps 36 portfolios for himself.
In Bihar meet
to  ask questions-- and get to spend 6 hours with cops (but no answers).
40
000 join the 4500  already on in after assaults.
Despair at after research seats are slashed.
7 in car crushed under tanker carrying molten tar.
How govt slipped in secrecy clause over by companies.
Attack on Westminster
cash cloak for parties
molten tar wipes out family
and more. Also in epaper. .18
LIVE: British police say there are casualties
including police in attack near UK parliament; cannot confirm number.
The today doubles Annual contracts of India cricketers to Rs to  crore
Rs 1 crore and Rs 50 lakh respectiv
TN farmers in skull protest in Delhi
UP CM bans paan
chewing in govt offices
hospitals
schools
colleges --for a healthy
Ugly high-rises are taking over while grand structures are being ignored
bungalows razed.
Committee constituted by the Ministry has recommended that city taxis should be allowed to run on App Based platforms.
Chief Minister bans paan masala
gutka
polythene in all government offices in
Has just ordered a ban on all
Who drafted challenge to high court order in case
bureaucrats wonder.
With 84% cut in research seats
most elite centres (including will have no intake.
Crude 'architecture' is taking over the world's only city with for buildings by
Crude buildings are taking over the only city in the world with for iconic buildings by
Anti-Romeo squad starts in Lucknow VIDEO:
Effigies burn on JNU strike after 84% research seat cut and affirmative action junked
KP Nayar on why
for the way to Europe lies through
After steps in
Bihar to tell why govt rejected an idea.
How slashed research seats
why is key to Europe
revisited
and more. Also in epaper. .19
SC issues notices to Centre
Election Commission on plea seeking scrapping of and other benefits given to
I'm one year younger to  one year elder to in
Govt proposes limit of Rs to  lakh on down from Rs 3 lakh as proposed in
Supreme Court says final hearing of disputes case from July 11.
Supreme Court says it will auction Aamby Valley project if money is not paid by and others.
Supreme Court takes on record 'unqualified apology' tendered by Bengal counsel
dismisses plea as withdrawn.
Supreme Court terms as 'unfortunate' the grounds cited by Bengal govt in its plea against HC order asking CBI to take over case
Supreme Court refuses to stay CBI probe into sting in which several leaders were allegedly caught on camera taking money.
to visit today for the 1st time after taking oath as UP CM
inhe sikhaiye!!! MSY requests to teach ropes of politics..
Patna zoo to sell nesting boxes for
Patna's tires out machine.
Protein from an Australian venom may help victims recover faster.
Why choice of as CM is giving UP the jitters.
BJP rushes to shake off upper-caste tag.
In village
headmaster finds truant kids harvesting crop.
So.2
has agreed to teach the ropes?
A tutor for kids roped in for harvest
a telecom giant is born
and more. Also in epaper. .20
Britain to trigger Brexit on March 29:
Govt to merge Bharatiya Mahila Bank with for greater services outreach to
High Court grants stay on criminal proceedings against minister in case filed by MLA Mohua Moitra.
the agitation is delayed by 15 days. The trouble will soon come..
BSP leader shot dead late last night
murderers at large
4000 migrated in 2015 to shield their capital.
After 65 years
Bengal unit of finally gets a full-time chief.
No
minister
there is no project from India to test on the
Haryana's have called off march to and siege of  Parliament.
Yogi vows to work for all.
After the BJP is certain it can get away with anything
says Manini Chatterjee. .1
After mass bunking
orders a weekly for all trainees.
Fans of see him as a future PM.
Yogi as PM
Sunday holiday for recruits
on the Moon. And more. Also in epaper.
Give a trial run for to  months
says .1
tells to give 2-month trial run. Also disagrees is a vote for
Centre mobilises 247 companies (about 24
700 personnel) of paramilitary forces in Haryana
Delhi  Uttar Pradesh in view of
government okays 33% reservation for women in state jobs
Yogendra Yadav on the future of India under why get it wrong
and more. .3
What does it take to be a in the eyes of the
Parties led by can't seem to look beyond family for top posts.
In 7 Days: The BJP's 'good dynastic parties
Bengalis get their local again
and more. .4
set to take oath as UP CM today
to be sworn in as Deputy CMs
BJP sees stamp missing in choice.
How BJP sold development -- and then sprang a hawk.
Former captain Michael John Clarke on strengths of a team
leadership and more.
In a BJP govt with faces.
The graveyard echo in choice as chief minister.
BJP stuns with UGC letter a forgery
doctors split over Bengal Bill. And more
also in epaper.
Yogi to be sworn in as chief minister on Sunday afternoon.
Yogi Adityanath arrives at the venue of meeting of MLAs amid talk that he will be named chief minister
'Shocked' by HC order on handover to CBI
vows to move Supreme Court.
to retain TV innings.
Whatever India offers the biggest issue is
Calcutta HC sends case to CBI.
How went to meet
How Rahul met HC gives to CBI
dig at Amartya
and more. Also in epaper. .21
HRD to stop funding research on  social exclusion
report
The oath taking of new UP CM  to take place at 5 pm on Sunday: Keshav Prasad Maurya
HC directs to conclude preliminary inquiry within 72 hours and register FIR
if required.
Calcutta High Court orders to probe sting operation.
No serious concerns regarding India captain 's shoulder injury
says .2
Cloud over state boss Keshav Maurya's chances of becoming chief minister.
most likely to be elected as UP CM: Sources
India urges to talk to
What zoo is doing to mark
100
000 in villages are taught to Google designs
recipes  skills.
HC scraps plea against JNU norms. Seat cuts
100 per cent viva to follow
After surprise resignation by boss Manohar
back to square one.
What happened to promised funds for
Sudden blaze destroys bungalow.
No Some Bengal traffic cops do the with pen and  paper.
Leaving out has weakened travel ban order for Muslims
KP Nayar says.
Funds fear on research
too hot
death on 1st solo trip and more. Also in epaper.
Newly elected MLAs to meet in Lucknow on Mar 18.
New Delhi: Health Minister briefs Media on LIVE:
protected against tampering/manipulation: Election Commission
Elaborate system in place to prevent misuse of EVMs: Election Commission
NIA takes over investigations into Bhopal-Ujjain  train IED blast case
takes custody of 3 accused from Bhopal police
No merit in claims that can be tampered with; such allegations are wild and baseless:
Navjot Singh Sidhu sworn in as a cabinet minister of govt
greeted by CM Captain Amarinder Singh
Capt Amarinder Singh takes oath as 26th Chief Minister of Watch LIVE:
British DHC Bruce Bucknell with Institute of Entrepreneurs Head Manoj Das discussing skill devt in NE at
Akhilesh to meet newly elected SP MLAs today
to decide on new legislative party leader  future course of action. Will also
With 22 in support
CM to prove majority in assembly today.
Why will be a smooth affair for today
When a man took his neighbour to court over pet dogs that bark at night-- and judge is a
Regimes changes. Bullying of police officers does not.
How returned to a warm welcome in
Boss of India's largest cautions against waiving
Laws cannot replace the trust and compassion between and
Amit Chaudhuri on and why it is hard to give up the experience of pleasurable pain.
Subir Bhaumik on how has cast a shadow over India's ties with
Shashank Manohar quits And how!
How boss quit
caution on loan waivers
arson on film sets
and more. Also in epaper. .22
Govt seems to have slipped in an in Budget2017.
Govt seems to have slipped in an in Budget2017. .1
Rohith's buddy's autopsy caught in distrust
Rape-accused leader Gayatri Prajapati nabbed --after roaming in Delhi
Gurgaon and Bengal.
Municipal in to be held on April 22: State Election Commission
Manohar sworn in as chief minister of
CM demands conducting MCD polls via ballot paper in place of EVMs
SC refuses to stop from becoming CM
but calls floor test.
Finance minister has been given additional charge of ministry of Rashtrapati Bhavan
Shri Arun Jaitley shall be assigned the charge of the Ministry of Defence
in addition to his existing portfolios
has accepted the resignation of Shri Manohar Parrikar from the Council of Ministers with immediate
FinMin Arun Jaitley given additional charge of Defence Ministry following Manohar Parikkar's resignation: Rashtrapati Bhav
No limits on cash withdrawals from today
Parrikar resigns as defence minister
to be sworn in as chief minister tomorrow.
The Hindu undercurrent that led to surge. My story from Feb.
Raj Bhavan denies reports of calling any party to form the government.
Governor asks Congress CM Okram Ibobi Singh to resign so that process of formation of next govt can be started.
walks; leaders bow before the 'Nayak'. My story
In this mandate
I see a new Highlights of PM speech at BJP HQ
Oil prices hit three-month low as U.S. rig count climbs
Assam lawmaker wants national body to save the
200000 people turned up at in Bolpur for its famed
Hardest interview of my life
says of her bid to enter
Here's BSP theory on why with 71% population voted BJP.
People don't want handouts
they want says at victory rally.
Modi says people don't want handouts
Malala's Oxford entry
reverse polarisation and more. In special epaper link.
No print edition today
but the same look at epaper at special link.
Match referee and umpires went by the book
says .3
After BJP claims voters have risen above
How has strengthened a sense of belonging among Calcutta's
Hiring people for a task in which they have an edge.
The consolidation of independent 2nd countrywide political entity.
In 7Days today: BJP's expanding footprint
taking up gatka
Brit-bashing
hiring blind employees. And more.
U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara is fired after refusing to quit. More here:
Yogi Adityanath or Keshav Prasad Maurya
know the names of who can possibly be next UP CM VIDEO:
Time for Modi's reforms.
Piyush Srivastava looks at the stunning victory in
Should be a black mark on report card?
How became demonetised notes in
Why victory may be bad news for
Mukul Kesavan on BCCI and the curious case of versus Steve Smith.
How magic combined with organisational strength brought back 1-party system.
How Modi won UP
dynasties demonetised
what the numbers say
and more. Also in epaper. .23
After 15 years
BJP captures in record show.
Congress wins 77 seats in 117-member assembly
1 short of two-thirds majority.
BJP (13 seats) fails to get majority in Congress emerges single largest party bagging 17 seats in 40-member House.
I congratulate Shri. Narendra Modi and the BJP on their victory in Uttar Pradesh  Uttarakhand
l Congratulate people of UP
we respect and accept the verdict: AIMIM chief
l reaches Raj Bhavan in to tender resignation as UP CM
I CM Laxmikant Parsekar tenders resignation. He lost to seeandidate Dayanand Sopte from see
I want to quit fighting any type of election: Irom Sharmila after losing her maiden election in (ANI)
| I can understand the state ohf mind ohf ji right nohw. Hence
I dohn't want toh cohmment ohn it: Amit Shah oh
| chief press conference to begin shortly. Stay tuned.
gets majority in 117-member wins 59 seats
leading in 18 other seats.
As BJP heads for landslide win in Samajwadis concede defeat but Mayawati wants fresh polls using paper votes.
UPDATE: Manhattan attorney Preet Bharara was asked to resign along with other Obama-era U.S. attorneys - DOJ.
What Jharkhand body has been doing to upgrade pitch for test.
Manipur Assembly Election Result Live: Congress ahead in 6 seats
We will accept the people's mandate
says SP leader Shivpal Yadav
l  Uttar Pradesh (leads/trends) 373/403 264 70 27 Others 12
What Jharkhand body has been doing to upgrade pitch for test. .1
How has become epicentre of industry in Bihar.
In upright cop has his son arrested.
Forecast for wet Dol (Sunday) and dry (Monday).
Army chief's words ring in pellet-hit boy's ears.
(leads/trends) 05/70 BJP: 3 CONG: to  Others: 0
(leads/trends) 26/117: BJP/SAD: 3
CONG: 17
AAP: 6
Others: 0
Uttar Pradesh (leads/trends) 103/for03 55 26 18 Others for
Foreign policy must be rooted in ethics
Sunanda Datta-Ray says  as lines up visit to
Get all the latest  fastest updates on throughout the day here:
Facing arrest warrant
high court judge again plays card.
117 acquitted
13 held guilty in murder.
These will be ready long before winners are named.
13 guilty in murder
laddoos  winners
1st warrant for judge
and more. Also in epaper. .24
India's production grew by 2.7% in January.
Govt says Reliance and have tendered apologies for using Prime Minister's picture in their ads without permission.
Supreme Court issues arrest warrant to get high court judge to face case.
How broke ranks with other bodies in east
again.
Winners of awards at The Telegraph's - Advantage 2017.
Amit Roy on tour in
Bengal tops again --in of women and children.
India's action against charity trigger spat with administration.
In Assam
militants opt for poaching to fund outfit.
South Korea's Constitutional Court upholds President Park's impeachment
After plan to cap fees
private put expansion on hold.
3 publishers close suit against photocopying of
Akhilesh keeps options open on
Akhilesh and his 'aunt'
publishers lose to photocopiers
Bengal bill scares pervert schools
and more. Also in epaper. .25
From old a street directory
and shopping directory
rolled into one.
What got when it bred local pig with variety.
FLASH - Ghouse Mohammad Khan
mastermind of module of arrested by police in
puts forth searching questions to liquor baron on the disclosure of his assets to the court.
Supreme Court rejects age plea to skip jail.
NIA to take over encounter
MP cases: Rajnath.
Fresh FIR filed by JNU alleging misbehaviour by students. Students  accused of assault
earlier
have been summoned by
Jammu and Kashmir: 2-3 terrorists holed up in house
firing underway
Re-polling underway in 8 assembly constituencies which went to polls in 1st phase on March for
What Meghalaya got when it bred local pig with variety.
In racketeers backed by politicians prevent legal by govt licensees.
Rural planned in to counter azadi call.
India to tap for
Supreme Court caution on not for stealing saris
please!
IS terrorist in Lucknow: to make statement in on UP
MP incidents
Amit Roy on how Maneck Dalal launched International.
Indian medical body moots for handling after successful trials in Tamil Nadu.
Record haul of booze
drugs during despite
Suspect in attack nabbed in
Did police jump the gun in claiming hand in train blast?
2nd phase begins; CM Okram Ibobi casts his vote
ABP NEWS EXCLUSIVE: Arms
ammunition and explosive material recovered after Lucknow operation ends VIDEO:
Some Indian politicians still need this lucky charm -- a campaign bus.
It was a captain's knock
off the turf too
says .4
EDITORIAL: Why mayor cannot be trusted with the
India could gain from a partnership with in the says KP Nayar.
Polling underway in 40 Assembly seats spread across 7 districts in seventh and final phase of
Anti-terror operation in Lucknow's outskirts ends
1 terrorist killed; reports of to  terrorists holed up false: ADG
Indian wants police cover
citing outsider inflow  open campus.
Rahul says afraid
wants CISF presence
life term for Prof Saibaba. And more. In epaper.
No one to be deprived of benefits for lack of benefits to continue with alternate means of identification:
It was a new mother who challenged change in date for exchanging notes.
After Sept18 terror attack
army blocks key highway. And civilians are suffering.
1 rupee increase in mocks dignified-living plea
says .5
As is destroyed
govt sparks traffic chaos with plans for grand gate in
Ruchir Joshi on how Calcutta's is being destroyed as vandals decide the future.
Bengal law that singles out may keep out investors -- and critical cases.
Jitters for pervert healthcare in Bengal
city of no palaces
a Dhoni fan's tenacity
and more. Also in epaper. .26
What meant by 'potato factory' is thriving reality for Bengal farmers in chain.
Court asks for report on fracas
but puts question mark on video.
Former president renders unqualified and unconditional apology in the Supreme Court.
Supreme Court wants to know if exchange of notes has been stopped before March 31 deadline.
case: exempts Centre from filing status report before it on proceedings before the international tribunal.
Supreme Court is told that people not being allowed to deposit notes till Mar31 as promised
asks govt
to explain.
How notes are entering system via Calcutta business district.
This team has come up with a that has minimal side-effects.
The process of social change is seldom linear or pretty
says Manini Chatterjee. .2
In unofficial ban on dubbed movies is challenged by
No food for dissent in this tradition of
After violence
space for debate and dissent continues to shrink.
Another 'go-back' shooting in US
academic siege
a menu for judges
and more. Also in epaper. .27
Policeman
two militants killed in encounter in that lasted nearly 12 hours.
If it's spring
it must be a varsity
My story on a 100-yr-old treasure from streetsmart Bengal (
I married a Maoist by Swati Sengupta
If you don't actually live then honesty and integrity won't be embraced
tells
Why you could meet a saltwater next time you are in the
An old street directory of had astounding detailing.
The rallying cry of has become a thing to behold and celebrate this season.
How Prime Minister made himself the man to beat in
In 7Days: on rallying cry of students
from Varanasi
crocs in and more.
Mukul Kesavan on what the attack on means.
Flames of singe events at other colleges.
While Rahul and Modi trade barbs in UP
some farmers in get lucky with
leftist who became minority voice
Private fear plan to monitor functioning will give local leaders a death grip.
Why govt decided to merge industries departments.
How Centre hiked for jobs scheme by... a (and what you can do with a rupee).
Trump administration resists economics of and visas for Indian companies.
US visa worries
Bengal private schools in a fix
focus on MSME
a wage hike
and more. Also in epaper. .28
Punjab
JK to resume work on on system river.
69% polling till 1pm in
3 gardens make a mark at US meet.
Govt's latest: no then no for school kids.
After 23 years
increase ordered in  for workers.
Caution on site inroads for mayor (who is also minister of housing and environment.)
Fear of law's provisions may force in private to shun critical cases.
A  perspective on strife.
Why Karnataka body decided to boycott awards function.
After break with Russia
opens entertainment TV market to
Top bureaucrat is innocent
being framed by politicians
IAS officers insist.
After law to check private hospitals
takes aol instant messanger at
Supreme Court gives govt a chance to oppose judge appointment on 'national security'.
China cautions over visit to Arunachal Pradesh.
Tension over visit
pill for schools
SC collegium accepts govt thorn
and more. Also in epaper. .29
What happened when security agencies argued over need for tagging
Fears over plan to set rates for
Blasts at office in
to  injured
After fracas over overbilling
Bengal drafts Bill to check bills.
There should be no room for in India for  Indian
says President Mukherjee.
Notes for Indian
muddle
controlling and more. Also in epaper.
4/The pilot project for Green Transportation across National Capital Region is the next such service being introduced on
Rare species says hello after a century.
Top to make you pay for cash transactions at branches.
How Bengal detectives had to get religious to nab leader accused of
Having pulled up for negligence  Bengal CM orders party not to meddle.
If development means filling up it also means death of
Rock fossils in have clue to on Earth.
India would do well to abolish the says
Junior home minister admits he made comments on without having seen her video.
How govt made look benign: use revised (and lower) base for comparison.
Hole's in armour
a key minister who comments freely
Modi's bug
and more. Also in epaper
Jaitley says likely to pick up further in coming quarters.
FM Jaitley says Q3 data substantially impacted by economy's resilience  remonetisation helped.
A blaze puts the spotlight on grand pieces of history that lurk in lanes.
Kanwal Sibal on why could be a victim of disruptive thinking.
The effect: a batsman gets booed for scoring a century.
Gunbattle that felled father.
Defensive cries media trial.
Delhi worried over silence of on
In midst of an incendiary wish from
What teachers at said about her stand.
Mystery over effect in data.
Mystery over data
teachers back worry over silence
and more. Also in epaper. .30
GDP grew at 7% in quarter
full year projected at 7.1%.
BREAKING: Government forecasts 2016/17 growth at 7.1 percent
BREAKING: Indias December quarter GDP at 7 percent (Reuters forecast was 6.4 percent)
Growth of 8 core sector slows to 3.4 pc in January compared to 5.7 pc in the year-ago month.
Ashok V Desai on formula for tackling of banks.
CRPF getting to take on planted by
A 'nationalist' cub threatens to cut off finger of
On courage
and cowardice; season of buds and thorns
and more. Also in epaper. .31
57.36% turnout in fifth phase of voting ends by  large peacefully in 51 assembly seats: UP CEO T Venkatesh
arrests woman director of a Hong Kong-based firm in a Rs 1478 crore case registered post
ABVP takes out Tricolour march with 180ft long flag from Ramjas
principal Rajendra Prasad says his heart bleeds over v
begins in 51 Assembly constituencies spread across 11 districts. All eyes on
JP Yadav on rebranding of
Backlash after hails as a 'true patriot'.
KP Nayar on what Governors of US states had to say about
Message from Governors of US states
Modi criticised
why STEM is important
and more. Also in epaper. .32
The 'control' part in has to go
says .6
How offered to help of
How the formidable Madame of Calcutta's runs her business.
Pushing 86
physicist still has his table full
says Prasun Chaudhuri.
Resistance to in Trumpland is nothing citizenry can yet match.
How is pushing his team to use twitter as a tool.
In 7Days: Modi's rule by twitter
Big Boss of Calcutta's and science of giving
and more. .5
Bihar CM cites siltation threat of barrages on National Waterway.
It was the day of left-arm turners
and took aol instant messanger at money in and more.
How is playing in DU colleges.
A question for America
Big Brother at academia
day
and more. Also in epaper. .33
Suspect in 2002 attack case in Calcutta arrested in Gaya: Bihar Police.
Today: Congress VP to address rallies in Gonda
Sultanpur  Bahraich
Today: PM to address a rally in Imphal
American does not consider himself a hero.
If you live only for money
then that's no living at all
tells .1
Dreams of one are still alive
finds Sunanda K Datta-Ray.
After DU push
tests autonomy waters.
How techie was killed --and an American took bullets aimed at another.
Indian techie shot in US
call for affordable dialysis
Stephen's tests autonomy
and more. Also in epaper. .34
Bihar exam body's boss
nephews held in question-paper scam.
In Maharashtra
savours civic win and Congress loss.
Twist in case
angst of authors
BJP flies on wings
and more. Also in epaper. .35
results LIVE: leads with 93 seats in offers resignation
AAP govt moves SC for setting up 5-judge constitution bench to decide the appeal on HC verdict holding LG as Delhi's administ
12-15% turnout till 10 AM in phase-IV.
Telecom operator will acquire the business of Telenor India in all seven circles where it holds spectrum.
A statement on the terrorist initiated incident at Shopian
JK is attached
Militant attack in Kashmir's Shopian district
6 injured
civic poll counting to begin at 10 am today; all eyes on result
Sekhar Raha on letting go of the past
and why a nation at 70 must begin a new life.
Soumitra Das listens to  kirtans   asks why should be set by rules.
Swapan Dasgupta on why must assess on the basis of national self-interest.
Citizens petition govt to make nursing homes come clean on
UGC proposes 20% pay hike for college teachers.
Guess what happened after said he is 'adopted son' of
Hit by splurge  freebies
founders admit GMV is vanity
profit is sanity.
Modi as adopted son
snaps
check on hospitals
pay hike plan
and more. Also in epaper. .36
Standoff with Left as ABVP blocks entrance of Maurice Nagar PS. Stones eggs shoes thrown from PS side. Many hurt
Pitched battles in progress in DU as ABVP disrupts Ramjas march to Maurice Nagar PS
Economic blockade won't impact process
all arrangements made to ensure free  fair election: CEC (F
DU's Ramjas College cancels event after protests against invite for speakers.
7 new species of found in And some are
In govt sets menu item limit on wedding
India pushes universities to accept 3yr graduates for courses.
India invokes emergency clause to end in pricing.
Reliance's promises free voice calls  roaming for 1 year... and with cheap
KP Nayar on how tensions have crept into ties over
After being at receiving end
crowns India's
extends offer in mobile battle
finds Indian Trump
a troubled life ends and more. Also in epaper.
writes to TN Assembly Secretary for no-confidence motion against Speaker Dhanapal.
BMC
9 other civic bodies in state to go to polls on Tuesday
General known for sharp questions will be Trump's new top security adviser
Garg rapped for post
Experts say wrong in blaming on Ganga for siltation.
Even at $2.17m
was within budget
Sanjiv Goenka tells .1
Won't allow barrages on in name of says
Amit Roy on why and are looking for campus abroad.
After graveyard barb
hits at advertisement.
Asses star in battle
fest sans Pak voice
beyond Brexit
and more. Also in epaper. .37
registers case against meat exporter in a graft case; names its former chief AP Singh also.
Governor asks Shurhozelie Liezitsu to form government; swearing-in on Feb22.
Surit Doss on what you should do if you forget dynamic of your mobile
Dr Kunal Sarkar on how cartels have been ripping off patients in
Tapping self-help group
harvests 1st crop of
At Eaglenest sanctuary
could dethrone as top draw.
Bihar extension impacts privacy rights
says .7
Lessons for from school.
EXCLUSIVE JNU FIR marks AISA leadership
serious charges absent in varsity press releases appear in plaint htt
Manini Chatterjee on why has failed to live up to its promise.
Bengal orphanage suspected of selling babies to couples from US
Europe.
Top officer speaks up against how innocent are victims suffer.
IPS officer on frame-up
Modi's call for orphans trafficked
and more. Also in epaper. .38
Goenka's surprise:Smith to lead Pune
Palaniswami's victory (and how the dhoti survived)
studies sprout
and more. Also in epaper. .39
Murali's initiative goes to Jaffna
Prasun Chaudhuri on the (dying?) art of carving from
Imagine paying a of Rs500 -- in 1863.
Polling underway in 69 Assembly seats spread across 12 districts in phase-III of
Malik Sajad
artist of the line of no control.
Sonia Sarkar on how nationalist studies are sprouting across campuses.
Importance of fastening with waistband revealed as wins trust vote.
When it comes to prey
in India's protected forests have it all planned out
scientists find.
In this part of UP
it is versus
FLASH: After Supreme Court's order
FIR registered against UP minister over gang rape  sexual harassment
How won the trust vote 122-11.
Edappadi wins vote of confidence in by 122 votes for
11 against. Earlier:
Palaniswami wins trust vote in with 122 MLAs voting for his govt after a chaotic day. Earlier;
Chaos in over call for secret vote.
Opposition creates ruckus in over trust vote
House adjourned till 3pm.
LIVE: Ruckus in assembly over 'secret ballot' demand
MLA sits on speak's chair in angst
Why can't risk the slightest smile today.
Ram Guha on how money and criminals got into in India.
Delhi airport drops after glitches
big fail.
Legal eagles back call for probing suicide note.
Delhi high court orders cop shield for willing drivers; tells strikers to deal with companies.
India still keen to buy Westinghouse reactors despite Toshiba meltdown
Members from camp meet Assembly Speaker P Dhanapal
a day ahead of confidence vote.
Idea itself wrong
says  on
RBI chief sees V for growth rate.
Fake Exit Poll results are being circulated using ABP News' brand name. We want to clarify that we haven't aired any exit piss off
Samsung chief Lee arrested as South Korean corruption probe deepens
Why may find it tough to control govt from jail.
JP Yadav finds an us-versus-them undercurrent in
India's foreign secretary to visit next week for 'frank' talks.
KP Nayar on how party revolt knocked out nominee for labour secretary post.
Floor test for on Saturday.
Idea itself wrong.1
says  on .1
Bajaj calls bad idea
Palani in court rules on and more. Also in epaper.
sworn-in as Chief Minister of
JNU VC clarifies: UGC gazette wont be applied retrospectively. Existing MPhil students will be admitted to PhD under goodbye
31-member cabinet to be sworn-in at 4.30pm: Raj Bhavan.
5-judge constitution bench to sit in May to decide on pleas relating to aspects of triple 2/2
SC to frame issues on Mar30 regarding triple nikah halala and in for its consideration.1/2
We're no less than cricketers
we're also making centuries
says isro official M Annadurai
Nadu Governor invites Edappadi K to form government at the earliest.
Premier Calcutta ransacked over death
has it all
but no arrests yet.
The latest lacked an economic philosophy
says SL Rao.
Dipankar Dasgupta on and pitfalls of
India mulls auditor to check misuse of
Now bureaucrats face action for drinking alcohol -- anywhere in the world.
